Add section about disable_heartbeat_piggyback [13198] (#306)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/fastdds/dds_layer/core/policy/eprosimaExtensions.rst

DisablePositiveACKsQosPolicy
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

DisablePositiveACKsQosPolicy
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> 

Reviewer: You have duplicated the title. Please, remove

  The RTPSWriter ignores the nack messages received after sending the data until the
  duration time elapses.

.. _disableheartbeatpiggyback:

DisableHeartbeatPiggyback
"""""""""""""""""""""""""

Besides sending heartbeats periodically using the |WriterTimes::heartbeatPeriod-api| (see :ref:`writertimes`), reliable

> DataWriters also use a mechanism to append a heartbeat submessage in the same message where data is being delivery to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataWriters also use a mechanism to append a heartbeat submessage in the same message where data is being delivered to
```

the DataReaders.

> This mechanism acts in specific situations where the states of reliable communication must be up to date to maintain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mechanism acts in specific situations where the reliable communication state must be up to date to maintain
```

> optimal communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
optimal communication:
```

> - When the DataWriter sends so much number of bytes to the *socket* as the length of the *socket* buffer, a heartbeat

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When the DataWriter sends as many bytes to the *socket* as the length of the *socket* buffer, a heartbeat
```
